Being a part of the Global Crew at #IHRinIndia
“The Internet — Catalyst to Connectivity.” is heading the story of #HelloWeb in India from December 2015 — Present. The campaign not just spread awareness about the importance of the Internet, but also had made an impact on the youth of the country. I was inspired as well and wanted to be a part of the global crew, being a Activist, doing something for the community, people of course.

So what is Internet Health Report all about? 
It is Mozilla’s open source initiative to document and explain what’s happening to the health of the Internet.

The Internet is an ecosystem that billions of people depend for their lives and livelihoods. It adapts to our behavior and actions from one end of the globe to another. . .
Read here: https://internethealthreport.org/about/
What is #IHRinIndia all about? 
Internet Health Report Campaign intends to explain what’s helping and what’s hurting the Internet across five issues, from personal experience to global concerns. These include Privacy and security, Openness, Digital inclusion, Web literacy & Decentralization.

Getting started with #IHRinINDIA — New Delhi/NCR
#IHRinINDIA aims to host it’s campaign on Internet Health in multiple cities across India, starting off from the capital of the nation, New Delhi. Therefore we the volunteers planned 4 different NGOs/sites across the city which included Smile Foundation, Butterflies Foundation & Salaam Baalak Trust. The events were scheduled on 12th & 13th of June, 2018.


What is the state of #InternetHealth in India? 
India caters to approx. 1.4B population, 462M accessing the Internet and almost 15% of Active Social Media penetration. I think the state demands more justification when it comes to security as a factor. We’ve to adopt methods which bridges the gap between the users and the network services. These methods should be in relation to the adaptability factor of the audiences. It so happens that we build services and technologies which don’t serve the major mass of the country or the audiences. It’s really important to understand that India as a developing country is still getting adapted to Internet as a method adopted for every small task being done.

My key takeaway from #IHRinINDIA — New Delhi/NCR?
The nation demands more of evangelism of the technologies. This could lead to Digital Revolution in the betterment of the country in days to come. As a young citizen I as a Volunteer of one of the largest Open Source Community, Mozilla feel that “Every young hand trying to spread a word about Internet Health would count.”


Internet Health Report Campaign — New Delhi/NCR #IHRinINDIA
